Docs 3398: Readme formatting (#2269)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/google-pay-integration.md

# Prerequisites

<details id="supported-browsers">
<summary>Supported browsers</summary>
<br>

- Apple Safari
- Google Chrome
- Microsoft Edge
- Mozilla Firefox
- Opera
- UCWeb UC Browser

</details>

> - Google Pay must be [activated in your MultiSafepay account](/payment-methods/google-pay/activation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Google Pay must be [activated in your MultiSafepay account](/docs/google-pay#activation).
```
